Short summary of changes.  For a complete list see the git log.

2011-09-12
Max rate now ONLY applies to attitude and axis lock mode.  Manual rate is the
only term that limits the rate mode now (and in axis lock when you push stick
only manual rate applies).  Also integrals are reset when unused.

2011-09-09
Some large updates to the input system.  Now multiple receivers can be
connected at once.  A wizard was added for configuring the input channels.  A
specific collective pitch channel was added.

2011-09-04
Improvements to the failsafe handling code for inputs.  PWM power off is now
detected properly.  Powering on transmitter for Spektrum Satellite no longer
causes a glitch on servos.

2011-08-10
Added Camera Stabilization and a gui to configure this.  This is a software
selectable module from the GUI.  However, a restart is required to make it
active.  The GUI does not currently expose the configuration for using the
transmitter to change the view angle but this is supported by the hardware.

2011-08-10
By default a lot of diagnostic objects that were enabled by default are now
disabled in the build.  This include TaskInfo (and all the FreeRTOS options
that provide that debugging information).  Also MixerStatus, I2CStatus,
WatchdogStatus and RateDesired.  These can be reenabled for debugging with
-DDIAGNOSTICS.

2011-08-04
Fixed packaging aesthetic issues.  Also avoid runtime issues on OSX Lion by
disabling the ModelView and Notify plugins for now (sorry).

2011-07-29
Added support for PPM receivers from James W. Now all 4 interfaces (R/C
standard PWM, combined PPM (MK), Spektrum satellite, Futaba S.Bus) are
supported and configurable through the GCS hardware configuration tab.

2011-07-17
Updated module initialization from Mathieu which separates the initialization
from the task startup.  Also implements a method to reclaim unused ram from
initialization and end of memory for the FreeRTOS heap.

2011-07-12
Improvements to the stabilization code.  Included a LPF on the gyros to smooth
out noise in high vibration environments.  Also two new modes: axis-lock and
weak leveling.  Axis-lock will try and hold an axis at a fixed position and
reject any disturbances.  This is like heading-hold on a heli for the tail but
can be useful for other axes.  Weak leveling is rate mode with a weak
correction to self level the craft - good for easier rate mode flying.

2011-07-07
Dynamic hardware configuration from Stac.  The input type is now
selected from ManualControlSettings.InputMode and the aircraft must be rebooted
after changing this.  Also for CopterControl the HwSettings object must
indicate which modules are connected to which ports.  PPM currently not
working.
